# I Know I Can Make This Up To You

When you [walked away from;me last night], [I stood in;the darkness] for a while [wondering what;I had done to upset you]. I know [we've had;our differences] in the past, but we've always been [able to talk;them out]. Usually, [I have said;something that you have misunderstood]--maybe I'm too blunt and opinionated. If so, [I truly;apologize].

I have [replayed our;conversation] over and over in my head to [try to identify;the subject or phrase or action] that went awry. Whatever it was, I'm sorry. [My intention is;never to offend you]. I'm falling for you--[I think you know;that]--but I'm also getting to know you. Please be [patient with;me] as I discover the sensitive subjects and learn how to communicate on a level that [does not cause;offense].

[Please accept;the flowers] that I have sent [along with this;note]. [If you count;them], you will see that there are 14, [one for each;week that we have known each other]. Let's not throw that away over my blunder. [Would you see;me again]? Would you explain to me what I have done or am doing wrong? Will you teach me [how to do;better]? [Could we;pick up the pieces] and start over? [I promise to;do better]. I was hoping that you would agree to go with me to Marie's Restaurant (our first date) and then to Oklahoma! With the hope that you would say yes, [I have made;reservations] and purchased [tickets for;this Saturday night].

[I know we;can work through this]. Please [give me another;chance]. We have had [such a good;relationship]. [Let's hold;onto it]. I'll call you tomorrow evening. [Please say;you'll go out with me] so we can talk face-to-face. [I want to;make it right]. I want to take you in my arms and [feel your;forgiveness]. If you will give me this chance, [I promise to;do better].
