# Please Forgive Me

I'm [really sorry;that things kind of got out of hand] the other night. Even though we feel very differently about [the importance of;budgeting] and [putting away;money for a rainy day], I don't think it's something that should get between us. [There are plenty of;things that we do agree on], even [when it comes to;finances]. I'm really glad that we see eye to eye on [the importance of;working hard], for example. It's more important to me that I know that with you [I'll never have to;worry if you'll pull your own weight] [when it comes to;earning a living]. You have [such a strong;work ethic] (even if you do spend money [as fast as;you earn it]) and that means so much to me.

You know I have [strong opinions about;some things] (and express them stronger than I realize sometimes), but [we rarely;have disagreements like that one]. [We have always;talked things out] in the past, and I feel bad that we left things as we did. But [maybe we;really did just need the time to cool off]. I think it is normal, even healthy, that we have different [ideas about;things]--think how boring it would be if we always thought [the same about;everything]! As they say, [variety is;the spice of life]. We just need to [remember to keep;things in perspective], and [not to;take things too seriously].

In any case, [I apologize;for anything that I said that offended you]. [I didn't mean;it]. I know that you really do understand my [need for;financial security]. [I love;you], and that is [the only thing that;really matters]. Everything else, big and small, will work itself out in time [as long as we;are willing to give our relationship our best efforts]. Matt, [thank you for;being so good to me], and for being so patient with me. It means so much to me, and [I love;you] for it.

[How about;coming over to my place Friday for dinner]? I'll make your favorite--chicken parmesan--and we can have that spinach salad that you like so much. Hot-from-the-oven French bread is always good, too, and [dessert is;negotiable]!
