# I'll Do Whatever It Takes

[When you called;me at work] and said that [you had;moved out], [I couldn't;believe it]. Even now, after almost two months, it's still hard to accept the fact that [you're really;gone]. When you left, I was upset that you would just leave that way, [without even;telling me good-bye in person]. I was angry and hurt. And that's why I [haven't gotten;in touch with you sooner]. It's definitely not that [I haven't;missed you]--believe me, I have.

Over the last few weeks [I've taken some;time] to evaluate our relationship, and I now feel like I understand why you felt that [you had to;leave me the way you did]. I hadn't been [giving you;enough of my time]--or rather, I hadn't been giving [enough time to;us]. I know that I kept promising to [cut back;my hours] at the hospital, [and I really;meant to]. You've said that you didn't [feel like;you were in a relationship] at times, and [I don't;blame you]. If you hadn't shocked me into action by [ending our;relationship], I probably would have just kept going as I had been for the last couple of years. The ER room had become my life; I felt like [I was literally;on call] all the time. Add to that my [volunteer work;in the pediatric ward], I might as well have taken up [residence at;St. John's].

I know now, even more than before, that as much as I love [my work at;the hospital], you are far more important to me than my profession. I talked to our director and told her that [I couldn't;put in anymore overtime], and so [she agreed to;cut back my hours to three twelve-hour shifts] each week. I also told the head nurse in the pediatric ward that [I would only;be coming in to volunteer two hours a week] from now on.

If you meant what you said about loving me and [not wanting;things to end], then I hope you'll [give us another;chance]. You mean the world to me, and I promise [I'll prove it;to you] this time. [I've learned my;lesson], and I won't ever [take you;for granted again]. [You deserve the;best that I can give], and that's what you're going to get.

I love you so much. I'm sorry if I haven't always manifested that love as I should have. If you're [willing to;start over], though, I'll make it up to you. I'll begin by making [your favorite;food] for dinner--beef enchiladas with all the trimmings--and [your choice of;dessert]. Give me a call [if you're;interested] and we can get together this weekend.

