# We Need To See A Marriage Counselor #

We've both known that our relationship has been in trouble for awhile now. I don't know about you, but I haven't wanted to admit it. I've tried to ignore the problem and pretend that it didn't exist. I don't know about you, but I can't go on like this anymore. I accept responsibility for my part in our problems, and I think that you do too, but neither one of us knows how to fix it. We've both certainly tried, but it just hasn't worked out. I think that in order to save this marriage, we need to move in the right direction toward reconciliation. It has taken two of us to get ourselves into this mess, but I think it's going to take three of us to get us out. I think we need to see a marriage counselor.

I love you. I believe that this marriage is worth saving and can be saved. It may take a lot of work, but I'm willing to do whatever it takes, and I hope you are too. I'm not willing to just give up the past ten years without a fight. When I look back on the early days of our marriage, I remember how happy we were! We never ran out of things to say to each other and sometimes we used to talk all night! We wanted to spend all of our time together. I want us to be like that again. Now it seems that we'd rather be with our friends or at work than with each other. On the rare occasions we do have dinner together anymore, neither one of us has much to say nor is it enjoyable. It seems like there's more silence than conversation.

I'm lonely. I miss the way we were. I want us to be us again. Please say that you'll come with me to talk to a counselor. I'll find the counselor and make the appointment. Just tell me when you'll be available.
