# That Was A Stupid Thing I Did #

I wasn't on my best behavior with your family yesterday, and I don't blame you for being upset. I'm sorry for the way I acted. I guess I'm just not used to sharing you with your family; it's a new experience for me because I'm used to having you all to myself. That doesn't make it all right, of course, but I hope that maybe it will help you understand why I behaved the way I did last night. In any case, I'm sorry for the pain that I caused your family, especially when I wanted to make a good first impression. I'm sorry most of all for hurting you. I didn't mean it, really.

I hope you know that I don't normally act that way. Can you forgive me? I know I will have to share you on occasion, and I'm fine with that, just please be patient with me while I get used to doing so. I love you so much and having you in my life is the best thing that's ever happened to me. Being in this relationship has made me so happy. Like that song from Disney's Aladdin says, "I'm in a whole new world with you."

Do you remember that Saturday a few months ago when we volunteered at the children's shelter? We had such a great time serving lunch and then playing games with the kids. Watching you that day really made my love for you grow so much more. We hadn't really been seeing each other for very long at that point, but I saw into your heart that day. I knew then what a kind, gentle, loving person you are. I look up to you for your goodness and I hope that, despite my faults, you can learn to love me too.

Will you let me take you out to dinner on Friday night? We can go to your favorite restaurant, and I'll make brownies a la mode for dessert. Then we could curl up on the couch and watch a movie, and from there... well, what do you say? Please say "Yes"! I love you. I'll call tomorrow to see how you are doing.
