# Tell Me What I Did Wrong #

I'm writing to you because you hung up on me the last time I called you. I'm not sure what I've done to upset you, but whatever it was, I'm sorry. From what other people have told me, I know I can be outspoken and sound offensive at times. I think part of the problem is that you and I were brought up in different cultures and at opposite ends of the country. What people from my corner of the world regard as honest and straightforward can be considered rude and abrasive here. It might help, though, if you would consider my intentions. I wouldn't deliberately do anything to hurt you because I'm falling in love with you. I knew that was true when I felt so wounded when you wouldn't talk to me. So please don't take offense where there was no offense intended.

Although my intentions are good, it looks like I need someone with finer sensibilities to point out my blunders and teach me how to behave here. If you would be willing to take on this great challenge, we might have to spend long evenings together for me to really get the picture. Would you mind? I think that kind of arrangement would have a lot of benefits, and we could start going out together again, too. For openers, I've gotten prime tickets for "The Phantom of the Opera" in two weeks, and you know they're not easy to get. We need to make up before then so we can go see it together and find out why it's still so popular.

We hit it off so well when we first went out a month ago, I know we can get over this bump in the road. I'll stop by tomorrow evening around 7 p.m. to see if we can talk about it face-to-face. Afterward, if you would just let me put my arms around you, I know I can make you feel better. Just give me the chance.
