# You Mean Everything To Me #

The months and the years are slipping by and I tell you often enough that I love you, that my life would not be complete without you anymore. I don't know, though, if I've really told you how loving you has improved the quality of my life in so many ways. For one thing, I'm sure I wouldn't have gotten this last promotion without your encouragement. I knew I had the experience and the know-how, but I just wasn't bold enough to step forward when the position first became available. It was your faith in me and in my abilities that actually gave me the nerve to apply for it. Now that I have it, I use so much more of my education and experience, and my self-esteem has gotten a real shot in the arm, too--all thanks to you.

Loving you also means I have the opportunity to be there for you when you need me. I remember when you wanted to make a proposal to your project committee and you needed to practice on an audience. I learned a lot from hearing your great ideas on improving efficiency and productivity in an advertising department. I was glad you thought that trying out your presentation on me helped improve your final draft. When your proposal was accepted and the changes you suggested became a reality, your success was as much a boost to my ego as it was to yours.

I wonder if you know how much I look forward to the simple things we share, like our talk fest over dinner at the end of a long workday. It's a great stress reliever to tell you all the day's events and listen to you analyze why this happened, or why that person behaved the way they did, and then speculate together on how tomorrow will line up. On the weekends, I enjoy relaxing with you and just watching a movie, critiquing every aspect of the production like professional movie critics, making judgments on everything from the casting choices to the quality of the screenplay.

I can't even imagine my life now without all the things we enjoy together--our passionate lovemaking, luxurious bubble baths, and lazy sleep-ins on Sunday morning. Through the days and through the nights, thank you for always being there; I'll always be there for you. I want you to know how much I truly love and appreciate you, Sweetheart. You mean everything to me.

I am forever yours.
